Refactor/CIAC 832/Process Indicators as SCOs (#26026)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_11_63.md

#### Scripts

##### StixCreator

##### StixCreator

- Added an option to enter a flag for creating SCO indicators.

> - Updated the process of generating IDs for SDO indicators.

Author: The update part is the use of create_sdo_stix_uuid function to create the stix_id of the SDO indicators or SCO indicators when the flag is false. I did this update because I discovered that in each click on the button "export (stix)" generates a new indicator ID. After I talked to @Ni-Knight we decided to do it this. It is also written as a comment in the issue.

##### StixCreator

- Added a flag for creating SCO indicators.

> - Updated the process of generating IDs for SDO indicators. Instead of generating a new ID each click on the button "Export (STIX)", now the indicators will have the same ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the process of generating IDs for SDO indicators such that a given indicator will have the same ID every run. This applies both when clicking on the button "Export (STIX)", and when running the script manually.
```
